It's you, you're the supervisor
You two know each other?
That would be even better.
Get along well in the future
Don't worry, Sister Wang.
I will take good care of her
Gu Qingqing
I didn't expect you to fall into my hands after all
I have a salary.
endure
Employer, what do you need me to do?
What can you do without graduating from college?
In a month, it's a costume design competition.
Let's hurry up and perfect the design at hand
Strive to get a good ranking for the night market
As for other chores
Just hand it over to Gu Qingqing.
Make a copy for 50 minutes and mail it to yourself.
Seal of the Administration Department
The black one is handed over to the second production department.
The blue one is handed over to the production.
Make no mistake about it.
What are you still doing?
Don't know yet
This is distributed by Director Gu.
Gu Qingqing, didn't I tell you?
The black document is handed over to the production
The blue document is handed over to the second production department.
You can get this little thing wrong
What else can you do?
Do you know because of your mistake?
Almost caused the company tens of millions of losses